This Privacy Policy is not legal advice, and you are responsible for ensuring its accuracy and complying with applicable laws. By using this policy you agree that you've read and agree to the Disclaimer: 

This template may not cover recent legal changes, and Shopify does not guarantee its accuracy or completeness. Seek legal counsel from a licensed attorney where you operate. Automated translations are for convenience only. Shopify disclaims all liability for your use of this template and any actions taken or not taken based on it.

This is a generated Privacy Policy designed to cover your collection, use, and disclosure of personal information about visitors and customers of your Shopify-powered site. This policy has been created based on the information that you provided to us through the configuration of your shop and your use of our services. Please review the content to make sure that it adequately reflects how you collect, use, and disclose personal information. For example, you may need to update the policy content if you are based in certain jurisdictions and/or sell products to customers based in certain jurisdictions (such as the EEA or UK, which may be subject to certain disclosures that are required under EU GDPR or UK GDPR) or if you collect information from other sources like third parties or offline. You can learn more about this generated Privacy Policy and what you may need to include by visiting our help center page here. 

Help center page: https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/privacy-and-security/privacy/customer-privacy-settings/privacy-settings#create-and-manage-your-privacy-policy